Well, good evening family. Thank you for
joining me again tonight. We are going to
pray. There is a lot that has happened
today. If you go back to the
things the Lord showed us last night, it
is
amazing
what we are seeing in the news
today and what we are seeing concerning
some of the things we have prayed over the
last two weeks or so. First off,
I want to say this to all the new
people. There
are
so many people coming.
We had a thousand new subscribers in the
last 24 hours.
Over a thousand just from Facebook
alone. So many coming from X.
I just want to tell you all
as we do this, Brandon does not do
anything. There is nothing that I can do
on my own on any of this broadcast. You
are
going to watch this and I give
all the glory to God. I have a treasure
in an earthen vessel that the excellency
of the power is known of him and not of
me. I always want to
let you know I do not control any of
this. The Lord shows me what he wants me
to see. I see in part, hear in part. And
I truly believe the Lord said, Brandon,
I am
raising you up for
these
end times that you will bring forth a
million men and women prayer army on
YouTube to pray for the nations, to pray
for the wars, to pray for the things
that you will see. And in doing so, you
will change things through prayer.
And I truly believe we are seeing the
things the Lord has showed us in visions
and dreams.
I truly believe we are seeing
this and I believe we are changing
things through prayer. I believe the
power of that is why our foundation name
is Prayer Changes Things because we
believe it with all our heart. But we
attract the world.
People want to know what language I
am
speaking when I am praying. That is the
baptism of the Holy Ghost. That
is
tongues. I pray in tongues more than I
pray in English, especially around the
house. It is a perfect prayer. If you
want to know more about praying in
tongues,
I would encourage you to get
the book Why Tongues by Kenneth
Hagin.
You can get it free on YouTube. There
are
people that have audio.
They push the button. You
can just let it read to you. Take
probably about 30 minutes. You can learn
all you can about tongues in that 30
minutes from Brother
Hagin.
Without me taking time to go into all
that, because there are a lot of people
that just want to jump in the river, you
can go on there and listen to Brother
Kenneth Hagin. He will change your life
if you listen to some of the sermons he
preaches because it has changed my life.
We go from glory to glory, ladies and
gentlemen. I am just a vessel. Will
he use you? Yes. If he will use Brandon
Biggs and if he will use
my wife to do what we have done in
the last two years on this
platform, he will definitely use you. I
am
just a sinner saved by grace. I am so
excited that God would use me for such a
time as this. I am so thankful that you
are
here tonight, all 2,300 of you in
the last couple minutes. We
are
going to jump right in this.
I always want to give God
praise and glory first because he
deserves all of it. It is not Brandon.
So, let us go ahead
and show them what you showed me
today.
Big things today.
You should let us pull the article up.
Go ahead.
Israel Air Force strikes Iran oil
facilities, military sources say.
Did you understand that? I know my
reading is not that good.
Four major refineries, gas and oil, were
struck by Israel and the United States
Army just in the last two hours.
What I told you was coming by the spirit
of the Lord. He told us what was coming.
Now, this is a video of the
refinery on fire.
People thought it was AI. It is not AI.
It happened and it is happening right
now.
It
is
all on fire. They blew up
their oil facility just a little bit
ago.
I was waiting on it because I saw it
over a year ago
before they even had a war. I said
this is what is going to happen. I
said anti-semitism will come at an
all-time high in the days ahead because
of what is about to happen. I said
they will blow up their oil refineries
because the Lord said they would.
So we see them all burning.
Pretty amazing what it looked like,
does
it
not?
Did anybody know that happened just a
little bit ago? They
are
all on fire.
Then I saw the Strait
of Hormuz
be heavily
in
conflict.
This is all of them blowing up.
Sorry, my nose is bothering me today.
Spring loves me.
Did you see it? They can see all that.
Pretty amazing, is it not? All
that going down. So, what did the
Lord show us back on June 1st,
2025?
What the Lord showed me, we
will
go back to what
he
said
to us.
War breaking out with Israel and Iran in
the days ahead. I told you back in
January that I saw American
missiles
striking a mountain that was an
underground city and Iran set all kinds
of deterrence trying to stop this
missile. It was a very powerful one.
When Israel does this, I saw that they
set Iran back financially, nuclear,
everything. I heard the spirit of the
Lord say they put them back in the stone
age. When they do this, they strike
their refineries. When they strike
the refineries,
I saw gas and oil prices skyrocketing. I
have
warned you this since 2023 about
this. Then the Lord showed me in
that vision the 1970 gas wars. I saw
cars lined up down the blocks because of
gas shortages and it would bring the
price of oil up $200 a barrel. Big money
trying to flow which would stimulate the
American economy whenever these big oil
productions get hit in the Middle East.
It would happen for a season for a
window.
I saw drill, baby drill. I
saw pipelines being opened up, being
worked out, making big agreements for
pipelines. The Nord Stream pipeline, I
believe, is what it is called. I saw it
being talked about, opened
up, working on it, like trying to
get this pipe deal going, doing major
oil big deals ahead, stimulating
America's economy. When this
happens, I saw great anti-semitism
because of people being mad at Israel
about what they are about to do. Remember
this. I saw them wanting to retaliate
with war. Russia, Syria, Turkey. I saw
them getting upset in the Middle East.
Have we
changed it through prayer? I do
not
believe we have.
So Syria, I do not know about that one. It
is
things I see. In this,
the Lord has warned me about Pakistan
lately.
Pakistan praying over Pakistan, praying
over people trying to be helpers in
this.
Will we see that whole thing come
to pass? I do not know. I seen it and I
warned you about it.
I see in part, I hear in
part, but will the full manifestation of
it come? I do not know. People say,
Brandon,
are you prophetic? I never
claim to be prophetic. So the haters out
there that want to say, Brandon, you
are
a prophet, and you miss part here, see
part, I do not claim to be. I
am
a watchman. I bring this stuff to
you to pray about.
I yield to the prophetic
anointing, but I do not go out there call
myself prophet Brandon Biggs.
I do not use those titles and
try to have my big sign
on the marquee. Prophet Brandon Biggs
says, Come to your church. I do not go
to churches. I stayed in my own
church. I do my own thing. I pray with
you
because that is what God told me to
do. And until he instructs me to do
something else, I don't do it. I do
exactly what the master says. I don't
try to promote myself. My son puts the
videos out and it's for you to chew on.
If you don't agree with it, spit it out
and say, "Hey, that isn't for me. We
believe you're false."That's fine.
There's a lot of people who do. I mean,
I'm seeing more and more
of it. But you know what? We keep
beating the drum with Jesus. And I
believe with all my heart that will
prove to be accurate in the days ahead,
some of the things that you will see on
a day-to-day basis like you're seeing
right now. I just keep on keeping on
praying and believing God for this
end-time
harvest. I'm about souls. I'm about
the harvest. All this other stuff don't
matter.
It doesn't matter what we see right now.
Who cares in the next couple of months,
in the next year, whatever. The bottom
line is, do you know Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal savior? If you
die tonight, where will you spend
eternity? All this other stuff is just
people. It's distracting, not to deflect.
If you come here, it's always
me telling you, go find Jesus and
read your Bible for yourself.
It's not about a branding show. It's
about Jesus. And that's why I want to
keep telling you all this over and over
again. The main mission that I
have is to pray for the lost
because there's many people, 170,000
people a day die and a large
percentage of them go to hell.
And if I fail to tell you anything,
if I don't tell you
about my friend Jesus,
all this other stuff is just
water under the bridge. It'll
be in the bottom of the bird cage
in a couple of days.
There'll be repercussions of the
war and things happening, but the bottom
line is all of it,
everything that I have told you, it
doesn't matter other than if you
don't know Jesus, you need to know
Jesus. So, I want to show you this right
here.
I want you to tell them about what he
said about Cuba.
This is about the facilities
under the mountains. And Braden
found this and I thought this was
interesting.
This is why the first phase of this war
of what we're doing right now,
liberating the Iranian people, is about
over. Now, phase two.
We are praying as an intercessor; we're not
praying the news. If you're praying
the news, I've already told you you're
behind. The Lord shows us way in advance
what's coming and we pray way before it
happens.
So,
show them this. Show them that.
That was interesting. You don't have to
show the whole thing,
but I just thought it was interesting
some of the things you showed me today
about that. Talk about Cuba because
that's hot on the list right now.
What we are praying about Cuba
is this is go time and the Lord told
us last night if we go over, just pause
for a second. Get it ready
because I won't have a gap in
between.
It's ready.
Ready? Go ahead.
Keep going.
I don't want them
to wait. So, have it up and queued and
ready.
Go.
What is the second phase of Operation
Epic Fury? It starts with a B2 stealth
bomber dropping a massive bunker buster
bomb on a target nestled in the
Alborz
mountains surrounding Tehran. The target
was chosen for a specific reason. Buried
deep beneath the mountains, Iran has
constructed a labyrinth of multi-layered
underground tunnels. They built this
vast network to hide their crown jewel
and massive arsenal of ballistic
missiles. Their strategy is simple but
deadly. Emerge from these hidden bunkers
to ambush American jets when they least
expect it. So, how do you counter a
threat buried that deep? You use a
highly surgical weapon designed to
pierce straight through thick layers of
reinforced concrete. With just a dozen
of these bunker busters, the military
can wipe out an entire underground
missile city in a single devastating
strike. What is phase two of Operation
Epic Fury? 7 days of sustained combat.
The skies over Iran are finally quiet,
but don't let the silence fool you.
Although the US has achieved near total
air superiority, the war is just
entering its most dangerous stage. Phase
one was about clearing the skies, while
phase 2 is about targeting Iran's
strategic ballistic missiles
underground. These are high-tech labyrinths
bored
deep into solid
mountain rock shielded by hundreds of
feet of earth and reinforced concrete.
If you drop a standard bomb here, it
won't even leave a scratch. But here is
the problem. Iran is still not out of
the fight. If the US owns the sky, why
not just send in standard fighters?
Because while Iran's main network is
shattered, isolated surface-to-air
batteries like the S300 are still hiding
in the shadows. For an F-15E, the
legendary bomb truck of the Air Force,
one lucky radar lock from a rogue
missile is a death sentence. And in a
high-stakes conflict, losing a crew and a
multi-million dollar jet to a surviving
battery is a risk the Pentagon simply
won't take.
When the risk is too high for
conventional fighters, you bring in the
big boys. The B2 Spirit stealth bomber.
This $2 billion flying wing was designed
for one specific purpose, to go where
nothing else can. It doesn't fight air
defenses. It ignores them. Cruising
undetected in the stratosphere, the B2
is the only platform on Earth capable of
penetrating this contested airspace to
deliver the final blow, raining down
dozens of 20,000 lb BLU 109 bunker
busters to crack the mountain wide open.
But where are the nuclear sites located?
The forces targeted highly fortified
subterranean weapons complexes often
referred to as missile cities, which
were carved deep into the bedrock of the
Alborz
mountains surrounding
Tehran.
Where did this long range mission
originate? The operation began thousands
of miles away at Whiteman Air Force
Base in Missouri. 4 B2 Spirit stealth
bombers took off for a direct roundtrip
mission, relying on a fleet of aerial
refueling tankers over the Atlantic
Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea to
complete the 6,000 plus nautical mile
journey. But how did the military
prepare the airspace for the incoming
bombers?
Phase two. That's what we've been
praying over. Finding these I said I saw
these caverns that were all leading like
a tunnel that all led to each other in
some way. And they were like big enough
for a train to go down. That's how big
these tunnels were. Massive tunnels that
they had underground. So, for what I
understand, for what he said, unless
this guy's not accurate in this video,
phase two is to get rid of all this
stuff underneath the ground. And that's
what we've been praying for, for the
secret intelligence. Last night, I have
to use key words because I'm not going
to put anybody in danger. If you watch
last night's video, we prayed for the
secret intelligence, the secret people,
concerning
all this
on both sides, Israel and America.
And so we were interceding for that to
expose these hidden bunkers,
to expose where these people are
hiding. And they said
that a school playground, a school, a
little girl school was hit. What did
the Lord say to us? He said, "They're
hiding these bunkers and these things
underneath schools,
mosques,
old folks homes, and
hospitals."And
he said they're deep underneath
there and they're hiding their bases and
their strategic commanders underneath
these facilities.
So we had a little girl school or
whatever it was be America saying we
didn't do it. They said they did it. So
I don't know what that's all about. But
as we keep praying into this, I believe
that we there will be no cave. There's
no rock. There's no place of refuge
for the evildoers.
That every single one of them will be
brought to justice. The ones that have
tortured Christians, murdered innocent
people,
creating weapons of mass destruction,
trying to eliminate the American people.
That's why you have all these ignorant
people that have no clue what they're
talking about when we pray. And that
we've been interceding for this for
years,
praying for the window of opportunity
for the Iranian people to have a window
of opportunity to bring in the lost. So
I saw the prince
and the Lord said to pray for this man.
I saw him be strategically picked to run
the nation. And when this took place, I
saw him speaking to the Iranian people
and an assassin took him out. And the
Lord said, Then they will bring in
another leader that will be even
darker
again. And this is where Ezekiel
38 and 39 will start to spring forth.
It
is
leading up to it.
Praying over this time frame, I
saw this man with the gray hair and the
bald head rise up and try to be this
leader. They picked him just like the
Lord said they would, and they are saying he
is
going to help bring in the
Iranian people so they can vote. They want to
bring in a vote, letting them have a
say in who they want to be a leader. And
this man right here
gave a speech saying that President
Trump is going to allow him to do it. He
is
the prince.
And Lord, I said, I told you all prior
to this, I said, I saw him be taken out,
and the Lord said, pray for him.
We see this stuff on the news.
Number two,
last night we were praying
and I said there will be a shock and awe
event in the days ahead that will
completely rattle the world,
for there will be two things happen
at one time.
And I saw the people of Cuba be
liberated in the days ahead. And the
Lord said, I am setting the people of
Cuba free from a bloodline
of terrorism
concerning the Castro.
He said he is going to eliminate
the bloodline
concerning this dictatorship over
Cuba. And he said, I am going to
liberate the Cuban people and a great
revival will come.
I saw this man be removed.
Okay, the evil man, he will be removed in
the days ahead. Remember this. I
am
that bold about it. I know the Lord
said, I am bringing a revival to the
Cuban people. I am going to bring a
revival to Venezuela. I am going to
bring a revival to Mexico. Claudia's
days are numbered.
Claudia's days are numbered.
And I saw
some kind of agreement
where Cuba becomes almost part of
America in the days ahead.
I do not want to say they are a
state,
but there is something that happens so
big with the Cuban country and America
in the days ahead. I saw a spring
of growth come up out of Havana that
went
in
all different directions with
spring forth of growth coming out of it
with great fruit.
Then I saw F-150 trucks, Ford,
Chrysler,
American-made cars,
nice American cars were starting to be
imported to Cuba.
I saw F-150 trucks driving around on
Cuban streets,
brand new ones, used ones, nice trucks
from where they are. I saw a darkness
over the country
and all of a sudden a light started to
spring forth out of Cuba with an
internet cable that went over into
Europe. It went over and it had power to
it and it looked like Russia was
dealing with them.
America was dealing with them. I saw
Cuban cigars.
Now, I do not know what that is all about
because we do not need
to be smoking. It is bad for us. But I
saw Cuban cigars.
And people were smoking Cuban
cigars. It had a yellow band
around it.
Like I said, I do
not
smoke, but it was not cut at the ends.
It was a package. And I
could see
on the
southern side of Cuba, I saw people with
cigars
and I thought that was interesting.
Especially men, they were smoking them.
I thought it was interesting. Do not know
what that is about, but I saw it. Okay, that
is
what I saw last night. And it was
a gold band around this Cuban cigar,
this tobacco
product. And it had to do with
trade.
It had to do with some kind of economic
something.
But they became more of America.
I saw again,
David has slain his tens of thousands
and Saul has slain his thousands.
Rubio was a type of a David representing
in going into Cuba, being a diplomat,
establishing
Cuba as a nation that is going to be
free from all this dictator stuff.
Venezuela,
Mexico,
and Colombia
will be liberated
in the days ahead with more
freedom without drug cartels.
Brazil,
major revival. Do I think they
are
going to take out Colombia's
leadership? No, that is not what I
am
saying. It spread
trade.
Prosperity started to flow. I saw US
forces like mercenaries
taking out cartels,
major cartel leaders will go home. I saw
three in particular that would
go home fast. I do not want to
say go home. I always try to be
okay with live stream because I
cannot
say whatever. I try to watch the
words. But that is good enough. They
take
out three major cartels. And I saw
turf wars coming,
major turf wars in Mexico concerning
this cartel and this cartel.
They were fighting each other with turf
war. Who is going to be the boss?
A lot of confusion is coming to the
cartel
because major leaders, key players will
be gone in the days ahead
by people like Navy Seals
that are assigned. I saw them and it
is
done.
I saw the mafia in Florida
in these white houses,
but I saw the trafficking
for drugs into New York and other
things. But this is what I thought
was interesting because of
the five families of the Italian mafia
and these other mafia, I saw them rising
up in the days ahead and they would
become like a hero against corruption.
And I thought it was interesting. It was
concerning coming against
Eric
Adams.
And
so play the video, you can see what
is
happening with Cuba today.
Okay. You want to see the liberation
part? Not protesting.
Go ahead.
So, last night when we were praying, I
saw darkness all over the island and the
Lord said it will happen in darkness.
Phase two
will happen in darkness. Remember this,
Chinooks.
Remember, I saw a liberation coming
in darkness and it was so heavy on me
last night. I said it would
not
be like it was whenever it happened
with Iran.
The Lord said,
I kept telling Braden, I said, Look in
the news. Look at the news. Something
is
about to happen. It happened 24 hours
later, 48 hours later. And I said, I
feel the same kind of pulse concerning
Cuba. But there is an underground
facility with a weapon that is
underneath the ground that is similar
to
Hiroshima.
I
am
telling
you these words. I do not use it. You
know, people say, Well, Brandon, that
sounds ignorant. It is what it is. I
barely graduated high school. I am trying
to help
you
all.
Listen to me. This is what the Lord
said, not Brandon. And I said, so then
he tells me, he said,
These underneath there, it will be
like a dog. And I saw an old looking
junkyard dog backed in a corner and I
saw that man with the slick back hair.
The Castro looking guy. Oh,
he was backed in a corner and he was
going to use this thing underneath the
ground.
If you remember what the Lord
showed me, I saw I kept praying out
about Alabama and Mississippi.
Praying over the coastline, Florida,
Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi,
and then Louisiana, praying over this
area for attack against our water supply
and our infrastructure
for water,
our water purification plants,
praying over this tyrant.
It is a drug lord
because of what is about to take place
when you back and the Lord said do not
underestimate your enemy. Do
not
look at them as weak because the
nerd in the playground
has a secret weapon.
You may be the big jock in the
campus but that guy has a baseball
bat behind him and you do
not
realize it. And that is what I saw us as
being. I do not want to say we are the
bully, but we are the big guy that you
look at and you go, Ah, he is the jock
you do not want to mess with at school.
You know, the United States military.
Don't underestimate
the nerdy guy with a bat.
That's the only way I can describe it,
as simple as I can.
And I saw this man trying to do
something crazy.
He's like
demon-possessed.
Well, he don't want to lose his
power and he don't want to lose his
country, and so we pray for a peaceful
transition. This will be good for the
Cuban people.
They're going to bring financial
stability and blessing to these people.
Watch.
And people go, 'Well, you know, I don't
agree with it.'No, I'm telling you,
they're going to be better off than
they've ever been. I've seen it. There
will
be a blessing on the nation
and Christianity will flow. And I saw
the satanic stuff.
I don't talk about it. They had a black
cloud over the nation and it started to
be lifted because the power of the
gospel was being preached
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force because
missionaries started flying in there
even greater and it started flowing
through these nations and
great churches and things were starting
to take place and liberation was coming
through Venezuela,
Brazil, Mexico,
and
Colombia,
and it starts spreading down south.
And I saw a major revival take place all
throughout South America.
And the Lord told me, I said, 'Lord, are we
going to invade North
Korea?'He
said, 'No, I'll handle that
myself.'He'll
try to use a nuke.
He ain't right.
It's totally different whenever
little Kim has all these nukes. You
understand? So I saw the Lord dealing
with Kim Jong-un in the days ahead like
Pharaoh.
I don't want to; it's
like he becomes nuts
because of paranoia
after this happens with Cuba. I saw two
things happen at once. I saw this thing
happen like this. Bang, bang. Now I want
you to play the video now. Can you play
that?
Yes. Yeah.
I'm trying not to talk too much. I
already gone too long.
Okay. Is this one where you
said all the?
Yeah, you can do that. That's good. That
was neat.
Yeah. Okay. Because I have all these.
Yeah. Go ahead and play it, son. This is
good. I like this. This is President
Trump and this happened I believe this
week.
Congratulations as well to co-owners
Jorge and Jose
Mas.
Yes.
Mas
who came from Cuba, right?
Originally from Cuba.
Huh. Your parents came and you're going
to go back. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
It's going to be and you won't need my
approval. You just fly back in when
I can just see that it's
going to be a great day, right? We're
going to celebrate that separately. We I
just want to wait a couple of weeks.
I wanted to wait a couple of weeks, but
we'll be together again soon, I suspect,
celebrating what's going on in Cuba.
They want to make a deal so badly. You
have no idea. It's doing very badly.
They're failing. Cuba right now is, to
put it mildly, a failing nation. And I've
been hearing about Cuba, I said before,
since I'm a little boy, I've been
hearing about Cuba and everybody wanted
to change. And I could see that
happening. Marco Rubio is dealing on it
and at a very high level, and you know
they have no money, they have no oil,
they have no food and it's really right
now a nation in deep trouble and they
want our help.
The Cuban government is talking with
us. They're in a big deal of trouble as
you know. They have no money. They have
no anything right now. But they're
talking with us and maybe we'll have a
friendly takeover of Cuba.
We could very well end up having a
friendly takeover of Cuba
after many, many years. We've had a lot
of years of dealing with Cuba. I've been
hearing about Cuba since I'm a little
boy, but they're in big trouble and
we could very well something could I
think very positive for the people that
were expelled or worse from Cuba that
live here.
You know, one of the things that is
happening that I think you see it, you
see it all the time, Howard, you've seen
it, that Cuba is ready to fall. You
know,
Cuba looks like it's ready to fall. I
don't know how they if they're going to
hold out,
but Cuba now has no income. They got all
of their income from Venezuela from the
Venezuelan oil. They're not getting any
of it
and Cuba literally is ready to fall. And
you have a lot of great Cubans that
are going to be very happy.
He's using it in his second. And then he
quickly turned to Cuba. He said without
being asked, Cuba is going to fall
pretty soon by the way, but Cuba is
going to fall. They want to make a deal
so badly and I asked how so he said they
want to make a deal so I'm going to put
Marco over there and we'll see how that
works but we're really focused on this
one now meaning Iran he's got plenty of
time on Cuba.
Johnson,
I love Benny bringing that for what the
stuff he did. Hey, I just want to tell
you all it's important when we pray
and we see things to give God glory for
what we're seeing because we saw it
before it happened. But we
give all God all the glory. Isn't Jesus
wonderful that he would show us the
signs of the times before the things
that are happening in the news right
now? We've been seeing for weeks, weeks
prior. And we have videos to prove it.
Videos to prove it. Everything is all
there.
There ain't nothing I told Braden, I
said accuracy is important. There's too
much prophetic flakiness.
It's dark over there. That's what the
Lord was saying. And I didn't know all
this. And I told Braden, I said, 'Start
looking this up. It's pitch black.
They're all over there. There's no
lights.'I
said, 'It will happen in the
night. It will happen when the lights
are out.
Look what happens. There's
darkness.'And
I said, 'The darkness is coming from
cyber attack.
You can go back to July.'And I said,
'Cyber attacks are coming to Cuba and
there'll be darkness across the
land.'Braden
to bring those up. He's working
on shorts because it goes everything we
always try to instead of just spouting
things off. It's I said, 'You'll see it
in the news.'And there it is. I said,
'You'll see it.'And it I remember I
even want to gave the word. I said,
'Darkness is going to it's all over
Cuba.'And
I said, 'Cyber attacks are
coming.'But
not only are they coming
for I saw, but it was in America,
Philadelphia,
I saw parts of New York. And they
were shining the lights from the streets
on the buildings.
They were shining the lights on from the
streets on the buildings
to make the buildings glow because it's
glass front mirrored.
And I saw the darkness on these cities
and on Cuba and on this area through
cyber attacks and I said some of this
will last up to three weeks
darkness.
I saw major city. Do you have that?
He knows how to pull it all up. I'm so
proud of him. He keeps track of all
this. This is June 25th, 2025. Is this
something? I believe so.
Yeah. Is it this one?
Go ahead.
I believe it is.
Just play it.
How many minutes have I gone?
I think
40.
Ah, too long. Trying to and be said
was on purpose and dark and I seen
darkness on Cuba,
darkness like complete grid down and
this was on purpose and in a retaliation
there's things there that is not being
aid
of what because they're making ties
with Russia and because these ties of
Russia certain entities are trying to
influence
they see it they know it's coming
they know what they're doing and they
and there's darkness coming on Cuba
I saw darkness on it and I don't know
why
it's some kind
It happened
cyber. I don't know.
He just found that and but this is what
I'm trying to being accurate when I tell
you I see something and I'm telling you
what I'm seeing, but I'm praying. And
June 25th of 2025, seven months ago,
what plus?
Mhm.
Eight months.
I don't know. Yeah.
And you always say, you always say, 'I
don't know why I keep seeing Cuba, but I
see Cuba's
dark.'I
don't understand why I see Cuba dark.
Yeah.
I said, 'Dark's going to go Cuba's going
to go
dark.'And
that's why I keep seeing in these
visions. Next. Do you have another one?
Yeah.
I just try to show the people who are
new here that we're not here to perform. We
are
here to pray, but I am trying to
tell you when the Lord shows us
something, we are not here to be flaky.
June 15th, June 12th.
Ready?
And
it was being smuggled
into
America. This pathogen, it was a
container that was about this big. It
was about that big around and it was glass-looking.
Someone
said, Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba. They are in your backyard.
And I saw darkness on Cuba.
Darkness like complete grid down. I went
and pulled that one. I was like, I
am
sorry. I
trying to pull from this
video because I know you have a lot of It
is
all right. We have made
our point.
We give all glory to Jesus, though. It
is
not about us.
Here it is.
Russia, old alliances,
old friendships.
I see a darkness on Cuba. It is dated
already, so it is not hard for the
infrastructure of their grid. It
is
old
things. I see an
extension cord again from Russia
to Cuba and it is under the water.
This is symbolic. It is under the water. It
is
a black cord. It looks like an
internet cord going from Cuba to Russia.
A secret cord
in the water. It is deep in the water.
The woman in Mexico. There is so much
corruption in so many governments all
around. This is very how you got in
power in the first place. But there
are
keys. There are keys to Venezuela
and it goes from Venezuela to
Cuba and they traffic the people through
these tunnels and the drugs
come up through these tunnels. Great
corruption in the Hispanic government is
Claudia. Remember this, though, Venezuela
will be like an Iraq if it keeps going
this way. I am going to Venezuela and I
see Venezuela being promised things. Oh,
and I am now in Cuba and I see Cuba being
promised things and I see alliances of
Cuba, Venezuela, and the countries
that have been like outcasts. That is very
much
like Cuba lining up
with Russia, coming underneath those
trying to bring them out of that. But it
would be a base clear down there, so
strong being so close to America. That
is
a very dangerous promising
to build a base in Cuba.
And
that
is
what these
things the Lord has showed us. So you
think America is going to sit by and
watch that? Same with all these other
things we see.
What did we say about Taiwan?
And I brought up Taiwan and I said you
must pray over Taiwan. And if we stand
in the gap concerning Taiwan,
we can stop the Xi Jinping to push
him back, hold him back, because I kept
seeing China trying to have a coup in
their nation to rise up and try to bring
forth a
takeover over Taiwan.
This has all been in the last week,
going on two weeks, I guess. But
this is what happened today with China.
It says
Chinese Air Force activity around Taiwan
has fallen sharply in recent weeks with
no fighters at all in the past week, a
sudden drop in what had been daily
military
maneuvers that could signal Beijing is
recalibrating
its pressure on them. Right.
Taiwan
type A.
Yeah, it is probably there.
Do you see? That is the power of prayer
because I saw them coming with a plan.
And the Lord said, Stand with the
people of Taiwan
and shelter them with the blood. And as
I was praying last night, I saw a white
and red
was that over Taiwan?
A red and white
flannel-looking
quilt being brought over Taiwan. And
this was symbolic for something.
It was red and white. White base with
red on top. The red stripes were all
over with white base that was covering
Taiwan with a flannel-looking garment.
It was just like this.
Yep.
It was predominantly white though, so I do
not
know what that is symbolic for.
But it looked like a candy cane
and it was taken up on the side with
China and it was being brought up as a
shield and brought over Taiwan in the
vision last night. And I saw a blanket
going over Taiwan as we were praying
that was being extended from the water
toward China that was bringing about
over Taiwan when we were praying. And I
said, I see this blanket that is covering
Taiwan and it is red and white. So, I do
not
know what that means. I do not. But
I thought it was something neat because
candy
canes are
about a shepherd's rod. But
I thought, what are you
saying, Lord, about the white and the
red? Why is red and white covering
Taiwan?
So then we see that article out today
concerning China saying that they
are
not flying so much. What happened?
Prayer. That is what happens. There is a
lot of praying people in these areas.
The Asians pray. Boy, they get
there. They said, We are praying with
you, Brandon. The Asian
channel. You talk about a bunch of
people who pray.
Our brothers and sisters in South
Korea pray.
They are praying people
more so than any other culture I
have
come across that is real. I am talking
about just
and our Asian channel. I love that South
Korean channel. Love it. They are some
good people. It
is
exciting to see them and they are so
enthusiastic about prayer
and the same thing with
the other one.
My Spanish channel,
it blesses me a lot too, but exciting
to be here tonight. So here we go. We
are
going to pray. Is that did we get
everything?
Yeah. I mean it was going to go
more what you saw last night but yeah
you saw fiber optic, you saw cables and
stuff like that.
Oh, okay. I saw this last night going
across America.
I saw a black cord that looked like a
fiber optic cable. Okay. And it was
strung across America that had little
cords similar.
There was a similar cord that
was small that was attached to a rotary
phone that went into each state that had
ties to terrorists and they
were on rotary phones. These black
phones that were not like modern-day
phones. It
was like a black phone like grandma
used to have in the 80s when I was a
little boy.
And so I know this was
symbolic in the spirit realm last night
concerning how they are communicating
because I saw they were communicating in
a way that was not able to be detected
because the Lord brought up
carrier pigeons.
He brought up Morse code.
He said these were ways. And then he
brought up the Cherokee Indians
concerning World War II
and he said they are using unusual ways
of communication to detour from
the way they think they should be
communicating.
And this was concerning how they are
communicating in our nation
strategizing. And he said they do
not
want to strike back. I said, Lord, how
come these what
I have seen about them coming
across the southern border and coming
through those tunnels? And the Lord said,
You have a thousand men in these
10 different cities and I saw all this
and I saw the barrels and he said,
Timothy McVeigh, don't forget Timothy
McVeigh,
don't forget the strategic
attacks that have come upon your
nation in the past.
Copycat. They are going to use
this
fertilizer
and I told you about it a year ago and
most people said Brandon, what
happened all that concerning the
inauguration and pray and all that. I
said this is still the Lord said it
is
still here
but the Lord said we are striking
them in Iran
but they are not wanting to be like
another strike. They wanted a fatal
blow.
They were not looking to punch back in
the face like a fist fight. They wanted
to take and he said it is not
about wounding the eagle. It
is
about destroying it. They
are
waiting for a
strategic plan
is what he said. If you were here for my
prayer last night, what they said, the
Lord said, This is not about a strike
with the face. This is about a fatal
blow to the eagle. They
are
looking how to bring forth mass
destruction
with the reaction that they want to
give. The people are here,
and that is what the Lord kept warning us
about
last night.
How do you do something with
less energy with
greater results?
As I was seeing them communicate,
it was in ways that were old;
it was telephone.
I saw Cuba
talking to the man talking to
Iran's people to the Middle East, and it
was like telephone to telephone
in a way that they would try
to communicate without chatter
underneath the radar. So how do you
deliver this message
so that it is not like internet
traffic with
email or whatever? It was
old, like a rotary phone. Now, I do
not
know what this means, ladies and
gentlemen. I am trying to
pray this out because we see in
part and we get the
pieces, and it is like a puzzle.
He does not give it to us all at once.
We put the puzzle together,
and then we know this is what we
are
praying for and how we
praying into it. I have said a lot, but
that was a lot to say. I told you a lot
happened today.
But what else did the Lord
show you? Anything else that was
important that I need to bring up?
Everything He says is important, but
we talked about Alex Jones
becoming radically saved. We
are
praying over his life, praying over
Austin, and
I was
praying over John Hagee's church. I
am
not trying to bring fear into
John Hagee's church. I am telling you to
pray over John Hagee's church. He stands
with Israel,
and there were two people that
were nuts. The Lord
specifically said that they had a plan.
I was praying against them, and they
will not be successful.
He sustained him once and He will do it
again. He sustained him twice and He
will
do it again. Do you understand?
We have a covenant. That is why
I was trying to explain to you all; we
have a covenant with God. This is
not
religious; this is not priest. This is
relationship. This is covenant. If
you understand who you are in Christ,
as He is, so are we in this world.
When we take this, this is not just
taking a wafer
because it is a religious experience.
This represents relationship. This
represents that what is mine is
His and what is His is mine. I am an
ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The angel armies are on my
side, the treasury is on my side,
and
the healing power of Jesus is
with me. Do you understand that? We have
the greater one on the inside of us. That
is
why we do this.
This is not just something to make us
feel better because we are praying. No, I
expect results.
I expect the angels to protect us. I
expect the anointing of
the Holy Ghost to flow out of us. When I
told you I saw the dead
being raised, He said, How dead is
dead, Brandon?
What does that mean?
Decaying flesh
is dead. Somebody that is dead for two
hours is still dead, but dead is dead. I
told you the dead will be raised.
Believe for bigger. Just because he
is
not stiff yet and has been dead for
just a couple hours, you think, Well,
that one of course will get up. He
still has blood in there.
But He said, Brandon, I am going to
bring back people whose bones are
showing because they are worm food. Do
you understand? God
is
going to do things that are going
to be mind-blowing in these last days,
exceedingly abundantly above all that we
dare ask or think. He brought up
the scripture that the dead in Christ
will rise first. He said, Brandon, I
am
going to bring people back as a witness.
Look,
Cousin Joe is back.
My goodness, look at him. He has been gone
for how many years? I want to tell
you there is a heaven to gain and a hell
to shun. Do you understand? How many
unbelievers are going to
become
believers immediately because they
see Uncle Joe, who died a couple years
ago, come back and tell them that Jesus
Christ is real
as a witness?
You said, Brandon, you are way out there.
Yeah,
I am. I believe for big because I
know
I have a big God. Too many people have
labored to put Him in a box. They put
Him in a little box. They say, This is
where you are, Lord. You have to do it
because this is what my religious
theology degree told me you can do. I do
not
have a degree. All I have is
Jesus, and He comes and visits me. I
tell you, it is the truth. Jesus Christ
is coming, ladies and gentlemen, and you
better get your heart right before Him
or you are going to get left.
I yell because I
am
passionate about it.
Most people are asleep and they do
not
realize the signs of the times of the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ are all
around us.
He
just wants people to rise up
and say, Who will go? Who
can I send into the nations to tell them
about My coming?
Signs and wonders will follow them that
believe.
Will you believe?
I choose to believe. That is why I
said even when I saw the dead
being
raised and saw those
bones coming back to life, I said,
Lord, I believe, help my unbelief.
In my mind, I am thinking somebody is dead
for a couple hours; it is going to be
okay, we can raise that one. But when I
saw the bones come back and the skeleton
come back, I thought, No way,
Lord. Is that possible? He
said, I did it once.
Can you do it again
in the new covenant?
You did it in the Old Testament. Can you
do it in the new? Can you do it for us?
Even greater works will you do?
I stretch myself to believe bigger.
We pray for the
sister who had a headache, which is a
miracle in itself—we do not want to
knock that, and they do not have a
headache anymore—but to see
somebody that was completely
deteriorated come back to life?
Wow.
I
give
glory to God.
Father, we
liberate a whole land of Cuba in a
day
to bring revival all over Cuba,
to bring stability financially to
Venezuela in these areas,
to remove Claudia
and bring in a godly man.
She sold out to the drug lords.
Bring in somebody with
stability
to bring revival across Mexico.
Father, we are so thankful for Your body.
I know that we can do what the Bible
says we can do. We can have what the
Bible says we can have.
I thank You, Father, that every
single one of these people tonight are
believing You for big,
that we are not just sitting by
watching the sun come up and the
sun go down. We are more than
conquerors, and we are taking the land for
You.
Father, we are telling the people
that Jesus Christ is coming, and we
are
warning them that the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few. We
lay hold to what You said we could have,
and we know that by Your stripes we
are
healed. We do not let allergies
bother us or trees budding out.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that healing
belongs to us. Deliverance belongs to
us. Our minds are renewed. We do not have
to have depression, anxieties, fears,
night terrors, and things that
people say they deal with. Why? Because
we have perfect peace,
whose mind is stayed on You because we
trusted in You.
We thank You, Lord, for Your body
that was broken for us. We thank You,
Lord, that we
are wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost and He dwells inside of
us richly by faith. I believe Jesus
Christ dwells on the inside of me and
that You speak to me. You said we
hear Your voice and a stranger's voice
we
will not follow.
My sheep—am I Yours?
Are You His? He said, My sheep.
That is a level of
ownership. You are My
sheep.
You belong to Me. Do you belong to Him?
Are you sold out to Him? Is your lamp
full of oil?
Are you looking for His return?
Are you the five virgins that
have their lamps full and are expecting
the return of the Lord? Are you the ones
that are not? The other five
weren't ready.
As in the days of Noah, Noah was ready.
He got on the boat. All the others
didn't. There were only eight:
his sons, his wives,
and
him. They all got on there. They
were
so excited to be there. I'm sure
the rain's here. Prophecy fulfilled
as they hear the water arising
as in the days of Noah.
There was an escape from the wrath to
come the first time,
and I believe there's an escape from the
wrath to come the second time. He said
he wouldn't destroy it by water again,
but by fire.
We're about to see because the Bible
said Jesus told us that as in the days
of Noah, so will it be. We're getting so
close.
And so that's why I take this communion
to represent something to me: that he
has a covenant with me. And I take this
body in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you Lord that my bank
account is not lacking anything because
you provide for me,
that whatever I put my hands to, you
provide for me. You'll take care of me
and you anoint my head and my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me
all the days of my life. Why? Because
I'm dwelling in the house of the Lord
forever. I'm dwelling and I'm sitting at
your feet. And so I take this body in
the name of Jesus. And we thank you Lord
for your healing power that flows on the
inside of me in Jesus'name. We take the
blood. We make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us. If we confess
our sins, he is faithful and just to
forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of
all
unrighteousness. I thank you, Lord, that
you forgive me of my sins.
Thank you, Lord. The
blood covers us. Thank you, Lord, that
the blood covers this atmosphere. I
plead the blood over me, in my mind,
over any visions that you may show me
tonight. If not, it's okay.
Father, we yield, and we see
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood of Jesus all around us. And I
thank you, Lord. I yield to the
anointing of the prophet. I yield to the
anointing of the watchman. And I yield
to it now in the name of Jesus. And I
thank you, Lord, that you get all the
glory and you get all the honor and you
get all the praise.
And if you want to show us anything,
fine. If not, we'll just pray over what
you've already given us. And we're so
grateful for all the things you've
showed us so far that we see in the
news.
Thank you, Lord. We give you praise and
glory, and we give you all of it because
you deserve all the praise. You deserve
all the honor for you are good and your
mercy endures forever. And we take this
blood in the name of Jesus. Amen and
amen.
Hallelujah. Well, let's pray for a
little bit here. It's
night. It's only
Saturday.
You can
pray with me later. Maybe you watch it
tomorrow. But I feel
we should pray for some things.
I talked for a long time, but I'm
going to tell you this. Bottom line is,
if you're watching this and you tell me,
Brandon, I've never accepted Jesus
Christ as my Lord and personal Savior.
Before it gets too late, if you're
watching this right now, before we pray,
I want to ask you, do you know, my
friend,
do you know Jesus?
If you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity? The most important
thing I can ever tell you out of any
broadcast I ever do is you must be born
again. Unless a man is born again, he
cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
Unless you know Jesus Christ and
confess him as your Lord, you're not
going to make it into heaven.